docs: Doctor output improvements design document (#1470)
Flank/flank-dashboard: metrics/cli/docs/features/doctor_output_improvements/06_doctor_output_improvements.md

In the scope of this feature, the `ConfigFieldValidationConclusion` should aggregate the `ValidationConclusion`s that are necessary for the config validation.

![Config field validation conclusion class diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/doctor_output_design/metrics/cli/docs/features/doctor_output_improvements/diagrams/config_validation_conclusion_class_diagram.puml)

##### CoolIntegrationSourceValidationTarget

The `CoolIntegrationSourceValidationTarget` (previous `CoolIntegrationSourceConfigField`) is a model that represents the config fields for the specific `CoolIntegration`.

We need to update this class to aggregate the `ValidationTarget`s (previous `ConfigField`s) of the given `CoolIntegration`.

![Cool source validation target class diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/doctor_output_design/metrics/cli/docs/features/doctor_output_improvements/diagrams/cool_integration_source_validation_target_class_diagram.puml)

##### CoolIntegrationSourceValidationDelegate

> The `CoolIntegrationSourceValidationDelegate` is a class that validates the specific fields with network calls. Currently, the methods of `CoolIntegrationSourceValidationDelegate` return the `FieldValidationResult`s which are then used to compose the `ValidationResult`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CoolIntegrationSourceValidationDelegate` is a class that validates the specific fields with network calls. Currently, the methods of the `CoolIntegrationSourceValidationDelegate` return the `FieldValidationResult`s which are then used to compose the `ValidationResult`.
```

#### Update the `Metrics CLI Doctor` command

This subsection describes the enhancements needed to implement in the `Metrics CLI` tool to improve the `doctor` command output.

##### DoctorCommand

The `DoctorCommand` is the Metrics CLI command that verifies all required 3-rd party tools' versions against the [list of recommended versions](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/cli/recommended_versions.yaml).

In the scope of this feature, we need to update the `DoctorCommand` class to be responsible for printing the [`ValidationResult`](#validationresult) using the [`ValidationResultPrinter`](#validationresultprinter).

##### Doctor

The `Doctor` is a class used to check whether all required third-party CLIs are installed and get their versions. This class encapsulates the logic of the `DoctorCommand` and interacts with the 3-rd party services.

We need to update the `.checkVersions()` method of the `Doctor` class to return the `ValidationResult` that will be printed by the `DoctorCommand`.

> The `ValidationResult` contains the `TargetValidationResult`s returned by the `.checkVersion()` methods of each 3-rd party service.

Reviewer: 🏷️ 
```suggestion
The `ValidationResult` contains the `TargetValidationResult`s for each 3-rd party service.
```
It seems like `InfoService.checkVersion()` method does not return a `TargetValidationResult`.

##### VersionHelper

The `VersionHelper` is a new class that allows us to interact with the [list of recommended versions](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/cli/recommended_versions.yaml).

The `.getRecommenedVersion()` method takes the name of the service and returns the recommended version for this service.

> ##### Doctor. Making things work

Reviewer: :readable:
```suggestion
##### Making things work
```
